pages/blog/post-one/post-one.mdx, before:

---
title: First Post
date: '2023-01-30'
category: Blog Post
description: This is my first post
slug: post-one
---

<Image
    src={firstimage}
    alt="mountain at sunrise"
/>
# {meta.title}
Paragraph *The* **content** of the post goes ***here*** Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The [content](http://marcopacifico.com) of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of [the post goes here](https://www.capsule.com/)

## Heading 2 This is a Really Long Heading
Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

<Image
    src={firstimage}
    alt="mountain at sunrise"
/>

### Heading 3 This is a Really Long Display Size Heading
Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

#### Heading 4
Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

##### Heading 5
Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

###### Heading 6
Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

*em emphasized*

**strong blold**

***em and strong***

### Blockquote

Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

>There is no learning without having to pose a question. And a question requires doubt. 

Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

> Multi
> Line
>> Nested Blockquote

#### Ordered Lists
1. First item
2. Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
3. Third item
    1. Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
    2. Indented item
4. Fourth item

#### Unordered Lists
- First item
- Second item
- Third item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
- Fourth item

### Code Inline

`code`

### Code Block

```jsx
// BlogPostLayout.js

<section>
    <h1>Bla</h1>
    <h3>Bla</h3>
</section>
```

import Image from 'next/image'
import firstimage from './image-one.jpg'
import BlogPostLayout from '../../../components/layouts/BlogPostLayout';
export default ({ children }) => <BlogPostLayout meta={meta}>{children}</BlogPostLayout>

Commit message:

blog post her and markdown headings

pages/blog/post-one/post-one.mdx, after:

---
title: 2022 Year In Review
date: '2023-01-30'
category: Blog Post
description: A look back on a year that was pretty ok
slug: post-one
---
<Image
    src={firstimage}
    alt="mountain at sunrise"
/>

Paragraph *The* **content** of the post goes ***here*** Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The [content](http://marcopacifico.com) of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of [the post goes here](https://www.capsule.com/)

# Heading 1 This is a Really Long Heading
Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

<Image
    src={firstimage}
    alt="mountain at sunrise"
/>

## Heading 2 This is a Really Long Heading
Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

### Heading 3 This is a Really Long Heading
Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

#### Heading 4, 5, and 6
Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

###### Heading 6
Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

*em emphasized*

**strong blold**

***em and strong***

### Blockquote

Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

>There is no learning without having to pose a question. And a question requires doubt. 

Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here
Paragraph The content of the post goes here

> Multi
> Line
>> Nested Blockquote

#### Ordered Lists
1. First item
2. Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
3. Third item
    1. Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here Paragraph The content of the post goes here
    2. Indented item
4. Fourth item

#### Unordered Lists
- First item
- Second item
- Third item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
- Fourth item

### Code Inline

`code`

### Code Block

```jsx
// BlogPostLayout.js

<section>
    <h1>Bla</h1>
    <h3>Bla</h3>
</section>
```

import Image from 'next/image'
import firstimage from './image-one.jpg'
import BlogPostLayout from '../../../components/layouts/BlogPostLayout';
export default ({ children }) => <BlogPostLayout meta={meta}>{children}</BlogPostLayout>
